# Supreme-Bot

## Background
As part of this project, I coded a software system with three components: a Python library, a web application, and a program that monitors products and automates online purchases. The pieces of code in this repo help with creating random names, addresses, and phone numbers as test inputs for the bot. The bot DOES NOT WORK (I mean actually it may, but you'll need addtional classes not implemented in this code and probably additional workarounds for the protections added since this has been edited in 2019). Use this code as a reference only. When I first made a bot that started from the home page, added something to cart, inputted payment information, and checked out, it took 14 seconds. I got it down, it it's minimum, to 0.7 seconds which was mostly taken up with network I/O, and at this point you need to add artificial waits to stop Supreme from flagging you as a bot.

## Considerations in creating this bot
The first bottleneck I noticed was that selenium types in the individual letters and a set pace for form fields. With javascript, you can either set the field (which I chose), or you can have javascript type it faster. This brought the time from 14 seconds to about 8. The next bottleneck was Selenium waiting for the whole page to load, so the solution had to be that Selenium only waited until the element it needed was clickable, and in this case it would click it. 8 seconds came down to 5. The easy stuff was now out of the way. The CSS on the page and a lot of other overhead the browser needed to keep track of took suprisingly long to load, so removing the rendering of that brought it down to about 1.5 seconds. But another problem came up that I didn't consider. Because Supreme requires you to start from the home page and work your way through buying an item (otherwise it will send you back to the home page), it requires you to click on every single link to figure out whether the item is something you want. It does this by only having pictures for links and the links being randomized, revealing nothing in the way of text about the item. This isn't acceptable behavior for a bot, and so I checked what the requests looked like for mobile devices. It turns out mobile devices are given an api endpoint listing all product names and images for improved responsiveness, so I set the user-agent to a mobile device, refactored my code to click the new buttons, and by the end I was down to 0.7 seconds.

## List of noticed bot protections on the Supreme webstore
- requests-only bot is very hard because javascript challenge is given (can be defeated using an automated browser, executing js some other way, or deobfuscating the js)
- CAPTCHA on checkout (can be defeated using CAPTCHA harvester before the drop and then using a proxy like browsermob to add the valid token in)
- must go through each web page in order and it is non-trivial to figure out what a product is before actually going to its page (can be defeated by spoofing user-agent)
